Modify S5542: Learn-As-You-Code migration (#2011)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5542/rationale.adoc

Encryption algorithms are essential for protecting sensitive information and
ensuring secure communications in a variety of domains. They are used for
several important reasons:

* Confidentiality, privacy, and intellectual property protection.
* Security during transmission or on storage devices.
* Data integrity, general trust, and authentication.

When selecting encryption algorithms, tools, or combinations, you should also
consider two things:

1. No encryption is absolutely unbreakable.

> 2. The strength of an encryption is usually measured by the effort required to crack it within a reasonable time frame.

Author: ```suggestion
2. The strength of an encryption algorithm is usually measured by the effort required to crack it within a reasonable time frame.

```

Encryption algorithms are essential for protecting sensitive information and
ensuring secure communications in a variety of domains. They are used for
several important reasons:

> * Confidentiality, privacy, and intellectual property protection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Confidentiality, privacy, and intellectual property protection

```

As per style guide, I would write those points without a dot at the end (since it is just a listing but not full sentences).

* Security during transmission or on storage devices.
* Data integrity, general trust, and authentication.

When selecting encryption algorithms, tools, or combinations, you should also
consider two things:

> 1. No encryption is absolutely unbreakable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. No encryption is unbreakable.

```

I feel like this sounds a little bit better without the "absolutely" and conveys the same message.

2. The strength of an encryption algorithm is usually measured by the effort required to crack it within a reasonable time frame.

For these reasons, as soon as cryptography is included in a project, it is

> important to choose encryption algorithms that are considered the strongest by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
important to choose encryption algorithms that are considered strong and secure

```

It does not necessarily have to be the strongest algorithm. More security usually also means more computation power required.

the cryptography community.

> For AES, the weakest "modes" are CBC (Cipher Block Chaining) and ECB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For AES, the weakest modes are CBC (Cipher Block Chaining) and ECB

```

It is called mode, I don't think quotes are necessary.

Encryption algorithms are essential for protecting sensitive information and
ensuring secure communications in a variety of domains. They are used for
several important reasons:

* Confidentiality, privacy, and intellectual property protection

* Security during transmission or on storage devices
* Data integrity, general trust, and authentication

When selecting encryption algorithms, tools, or combinations, you should also
consider two things:

1. No encryption is unbreakable.
2. The strength of an encryption algorithm is usually measured by the effort required to crack it within a reasonable time frame.

For these reasons, as soon as cryptography is included in a project, it is
important to choose encryption algorithms that are considered strong and secure

> 
> the cryptography community.

Author: ```suggestion
by the cryptography community.
```

Encryption algorithms are essential for protecting sensitive information and
ensuring secure communications in a variety of domains. They are used for
several important reasons:

* Confidentiality, privacy, and intellectual property protection

* Security during transmission or on storage devices.
* Data integrity, general trust, and authentication.

When selecting encryption algorithms, tools, or combinations, you should also
consider two things:

1. No encryption is unbreakable.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
